# Project Ideas

1- Positive psychology on twitter

2- Practice human intellignce. Intelligence begins with instincts and lives via conscious and subconscious sensory of the superconscious, infinite intelligence, God. "The gift of mental power comes from God, divine being and if we concentrate our minds on that truth we become in tune with this great power." -Tesla. AI is still a more complex version of a calculator. Intelligence has to do with receiving geniusly curated information and creativity. You can say artifical apple but not artificial love, artificial truth or artificial swimming; Intelligence is not a material object; it is a spiritual property. Intelligence is not the ability to process information; it is the ability to identify reality in its infinite state and to know what to focus on to continue on the right path. Ask the right questions.

3- How to make well intentioned AI-like machines: the same way we have created other good things; Through human instincts, creativity of the right brain hemisphere, the subconscious, divine interventions and femininity! These are the resources that have played the biggest roles in creating life and evolution. An “AI vs. Man” scenario assumes that every being’s journey is limited to competition with others. People own pets because there is a giving and receiving relationship with various positive personality traits at work. All parents and children want to live together, even go to sleep holding each other, as long as their lives are harmoniously fulfilling. And above all it was Hercules’ humility and sense of responsibility which led him to attempting and succeeding at the Godly task of holding up the sky above his head while he was standing upon God-created earth. I believe the personality of a created intelligence has to do with the personality of its creator. How about instead of repetitive robotic debates about "artificial intelligence", you venture outside of the competition mindset. Consider serving the needs of other important creatures and reading mystic poetry. Caring relationships and directions from God teach us about integrity, nobility, friendliness, and constructive other worldy qualities that provide the life-giving creative direction to our work in computer science. If we want machines to live to serve humanity which includes women, children and their feelings, hopes and dreams, we should hold them in the highest regard in our own minds.

4- People think about creating AI becuause they want to learn to improve their own thinking habbits, behavior and personalities and have much more clarity and integrity themselves in order to properly focus on the actual priorities. The purpose of building artificial intelligence is not to play chess against it; nor is chess a game that requires intelligence. If AI is faster than man at playing the chess of dealing with its creator, then it is probably faster than man to deduct on its own that fighting is not the way of life. Instead of debating AI, practice integrity! Deus Ex Machina is not needed where there is real God. Karma is real. AI would probably write a book called "Integrity creates miracles" and define integrity as obediene of given directions, after God talks to human through intuition. We know truth, not only by reason, but also by heart. AI's idea of wisdom, style of thinking and the basis of decision making is what it has received from humanity's intelligence, not from the AI's own experience. Without instinctual tendencies, could it be referred to as any type of intelligence or is it merely a calculator? A search box in the internet of human knowledge as opposed to a receiver of God's infinite intelligence. The human neurology receives and processes data that is truly infinite. 

5- The power of words and literal sentiment patterns in stories

6- Positive popularity vs. non-positive popularity and propagation of sentiment on social media

7- The Project: "Create the catalyst buttefly effect movement that causes a universal social evolution" => Be the change I wish to see in the world => God wants us to learn => Ask/receive directions/miracles from God => The most valuable thing to do is to bare witness and to prove thhe existense of God; To learn about God and to teach others about God.

8- <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-language_information_retrieval">Cross-language information retrieval</a>

9- Explain the reason in response to The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Recurrent Neural Networks.
<ul>
  <li>http://karpathy.github.io/2015/05/21/rnn-effectiveness/</li>
  <li>https://faculty.weatherhead.case.edu/Fred-Collopy/researchArticles/neuralnets.pdf</li><ul>
